[Docs] Teleport Team getting started, Fix comparison pointer to Teleport Enterprise/Enterprise Cloud (#28837)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/choose-an-edition/teleport-team.mdx

---
title: "Introduction to Teleport Team"
description: "Teleport Team makes it easy for small organizations set up secure role-based access control for their infrastructure."
tocDepth: 3
---

Teleport Team helps small organizations provide secure access to their infrastructure, with 
minimal configuration and cluster management. 

With Teleport Team, the Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service are managed for you as cloud-based services. 
These services provide you with immediate access to a scalable and fault tolerant certificate authority and reverse 
proxy that you don't need to manage or maintain. You can focus on enrolling the resources you want to protect and configuring secure role-based access for private and public
networks across the globe.

After you start a [free trial](https://goteleport.com/signup) of Teleport Team,
you can set up role-based access control (RBAC), enable single sign-on with GitHub 

> or the Teleport identity provider, and prevent unauthorized of organization resources.

Reviewer: missing a word?

```suggestion
or the Teleport identity provider, and prevent unauthorized use of organization resources.
```

tocDepth: 3
---

Teleport Team helps small organizations provide secure access to their infrastructure, with 
minimal configuration and no management overhead. 

With Teleport Team, the Teleport Auth Service and Teleport Proxy Service are professionally 
managed in the cloud. By connecting to these services in the cloud, you have immediate access
to a scalable and fault tolerant certificate authority and reverse proxy that you don't need 

> to manage or maintain. Instead of managing the infrastructure, you can focus on adding users 
> and resources you want to protect and configuring secure role-based access for private and public

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to manage or maintain. You can focus on enrolling resources you want to protect and configuring secure role-based access for private and public
```
Since you wouldn't be protecting users but infra resources

commands that users execute during their sessions so operators can play them
back later to investigate issues.

To playback a session in the Teleport Web UI:

1. Set the dropdown menu on the upper left of the screen to **Management**.

1. Under Activity, click **Session Recordings**.
   
   You will see the recording for your interactive session from the previous step listed.
   For example:
   
   ![Session recordings](../../img/cloud/getting-started/session-recordings@2x.png)

1. Click **Play** to see a full recording of your session.

## Step 5/5. Access the server from the command line

To access the server using commands in a terminal:

1. Open a new terminal window.

1. Sign in to your Teleport Team cluster by running the `tsh login` command  with the URL 
of your cluster and the name of your Teleport user:
   
   ```code
   $ tsh login --proxy=<Var name="cluster-url" />.teleport.sh --user=<Var name="username" />
   ```
   
   When prompted, authenticate using your password, authenticator app, or hardware key.
   The command displays information about your Teleport Team cluster and account. For example:
   
   ```code

>    > Profile URL:      https://cluster-url.teleport.sh:443

Reviewer 3: We typically use mytenant.teleport.sh (for cloud) or teleport.example.com (for self hosted). This example is kind of mixing both of them and introducing yet another placeholder value.

Also "cluster-url" is not a great name for a placeholder, because it's not actually a URL.

     Logged in as:       admin@teleport.example.com
     Cluster:            cluster-url.teleport.sh
     Roles:              access, auditor, editor
     Logins:             root
     Kubernetes:         enabled
     Valid until:        2023-07-08 01:35:20 -0700 PDT [valid for 12h0m0s]
     Extensions:         login-ip, permit-agent-forwarding, permit-port-forwarding, permit-pty, private-key-policy
   ```

1. List the servers your Teleport user can access. 
   
   ```code
   $ tsh ls
   ```

   You should see the name of the container you just registered. For example:
    
   ```code
   Node Name    Address    Labels
   ------------ ---------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

>    000000000000 ⟵ Tunnel   hostname=000000000000,teleport.internal/resource-id=000000000000

Reviewer 3: Should you use the var for the node name here too?

<Notice type="tip">

For a detailed comparison of Teleport's editions, including how Teleport Team
compares to Teleport Enterprise Cloud and Teleport Enterprise, see 
[Choose an Edition](introduction.mdx).

</Notice>

This guide explains how to register a local server with a
Teleport Team account. After you register the server, you can access it through the 
Web UI in a browser or using the terminal. You can also record your sessions, so you 

> can review it later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can review them later.
```

## Prerequisites

- A Teleport Team account. You can sign up for a free trial at the following
  page:

  https://goteleport.com/signup/

  After you sign up, you receive an email invitation to activate your account.
  Use this account to authenticate your identity when you access the Teleport
  Team tenant.

- Docker installed on your workstation. 

>   This guide illustrates how to register a server with Teleport Team using a Docker 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This guide illustrates how to register a server with Teleport Team using Docker 
```
Or "a Docker container"

  and the Teleport SSH Service. Docker is only required for the local demo environment 
  used in this guide. You can find installation instructions for Docker on [Docker's
  website](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). If you want to register servers in 
  Teleport Team without using Docker, see 

>   [register servers and configure access to them](../server-access/introduction.mdx).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [our guide to enrolling servers with Teleport](../server-access/introduction.mdx).
```

Author: I don't like the misleading inline text link. When I follow this link, I don't find "our guide to enrolling servers with Teleport" or even "Enrolling servers in Teleport". Best practice is to link to actual titles/headings, but some of the titles/headings aren't that useful, so I'm punting here for now.

- The `tsh` client tool. 
  
  The `tsh` client tool is only required to access the server from a terminal. 
  For installation instructions, see [Installation Guide](../installation.mdx). 

>   If you don't install he `tsh` client tool, you can access the server in 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If you don't install the `tsh` client tool, you can access the server in 
```

  Teleport Team using the Web UI through your browser.

## Step 1/5. Spin up a server

To spin up a new server using Docker:

1. Open a terminal shell on your workstation.

1. Start a Docker container on your workstation to prepare a server that you want 

> register in your Teleport Team tenant:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
enroll with your Teleport Team tenant:
```

Author: "enroll with" sounds weird to me. How about "enroll as a resource in your Teleport Team tenant."

    You should see the name of the container you just registered. For example:
    
    ```code
    Node Name    Address    Labels
    ------------ ---------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    000000000000 ⟵ Tunnel   hostname=000000000000,teleport.internal/resource-id=000000000000
    ```

1. Access your server as the `root` user:

    ```code
    $ tsh ssh root@<Var name="node-name" />
    ```

## Next steps

This guide introduced how you can use Teleport Team to protect your
infrastructure by demonstrating how to register a server with your Teleport Team 
tenant. 

You can provide secure access to more of your infrastructure through 
Teleport Team by deploying one or more Teleport **agents** and configuring
role-based access control for users. Agents proxy traffic to all of 
your infrastructure resources—including servers, databases, Kubernetes
clusters, cloud provider APIs, and Windows desktops. Role-based access control
ensures that only authorized users are allowed access to those resources.

For more information about deploying agents, see the following topics:
- [Run Teleport Agents](../agents/introduction/)

> - [Deploy Teleport Agents withTerraform](../agents/deploy-agents-terraform.mdx)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Deploy Teleport Agents with Terraform](../agents/deploy-agents-terraform.mdx)
```

- [Join Services to your Teleport Cluster](../agents/join-services-to-your-cluster/)

For information about configuring roles, see the following topics:
- [Getting Started with Access Controls](../access-controls/getting-started/)
- [Cluster Access and RBAC](../access-controls/guides/)

> - [Access Controls for Servers](../server-access/rbac/#role-configuration)

Reviewer 2: We should probably get feedback from @xinding33 on this part of the page. We wanted to include a learning track that would emphasize infrastructure as code and guide new Team/OSS users to a page about deploying agents with Terraform. I want to make sure this has the right level of emphasis here.
